"300"
"300" (the exact machine name includes the quotation marks) is a pinball machine designed by Ed Krynski and produced by Gottlieb with a bowling theme. The title is a reference to a perfect game in the sport, in which a bowler scores 300 points. A two-player version of this four-player game was released as Top Score.

"History in the Making": The First Three Years
History in the Making is a collection of fifteen games from U.S. Gold's catalog of American imports:-   Beach-Head-   Beach-Head II: The Dictator Strikes Back-   Bruce Lee-   Express Raider-   Gauntlet-   The Goonies-   Impossible Mission-   Infiltrator-   Kung-Fu Master-   Leaderboard-   Raid Over Moscow-   Road Runner-   Spy Hunter-   Super Cycle-   World Games

#IDARB
Built with the input of thousands of crazed internet gamers, #IDARB is a chaotic, 8-player, eSport jumping future arena ball game, complete with wild half time competitions, unlockable recipes, and disruptive  hashbombs  which dynamically change the game itself via Twitch and Twitter! Prepare to battle everything from Moustache Cops to Breakfast, in this highly customizable, fast action game inspired by 8-bit sports and arcade classics!

#KILLALLZOMBIES
In the distant future, #killallzombies is thrusting civilians into a sport of survival were a ravenous zombie population is unleashed in the name of sports entertainment.Features:  Hordes of zombies to fight on interactive changing arena  Three modes to play: Survival, Coop and Defend the Vault  Multiple weapons and ammo types  XP and leveling up system  Powerful perks

$wag
You are out to steal  250,000 in diamonds before your rival. You accomplish this by collecting the heaps of diamonds which appear on the screen, and taking them to the cache in your house. Unfortunately the other robber is not your only problem. There are several killer droids, employed by one of the insurance companies, to try to apprehend bandits such as yourself and recover the swag.There are two types of droids, Henrys and Percys. One type will try to catch you, the other your opponent. You can "convert" one which is following you by shooting it. You can also shoot the other player's man, and if caught by a droid or shot, you will drop your swag and be returned to your house. Naturally you will soon use up all the ammunition in your gun, but you can get more by depositing gold in the bank. The other way to convert droids is to move onto a DH, which changes all Henrys to Percys, and vice versa. Moving onto a Smiley has the effect of sending your opponent back to his house. If you shoot a police car it will follow you around the screen, which gives points to the other player, though you can stop this by drinking a car of beer (the sort which refreshed the parts other beers can't) and shooting them again.
